welcome back to Red Bud and the red bowl
national James Stewart had some trouble
just as we were going to break he's back
up on the motorcycle and has recovered
he's in fourth place right now he was in
second and we're gonna try to show you
what happened here I think this is the
recovery from the crash Jeff yeah this
is that second off camber the right
hander if you get out that inside rut
it's really slippery there's a lot of
guys really losing traction through
there looks like probably lost some
traction and slid out exiting the turn
and then right here makes another little
mistake as he crossroads actually takes
his bright left hand off there a little
bit and shape trying to shake it off
wait a minute again now he really seems
to be having a problem here really
laboring remember it was a hand injury
that he had that kept him out the last
couple of races has Jiri a groove ated
that certainly a hand injury is about
the last thing you want to deal with at
a motocross track watch right here
Stewart comes up oh he's long on the
double then gets right in there and aces
his rut on looked like you stalled the
engine there you go tickle goes by it's
like a Rattray going by so James
Stewart's troubles continue not quite
the
welcome back to the championship that he
was looking for I'm sure know now
considering up or left-handed win streak
going let's send it down to Tiffany for
more on the number seven well as we just
saw Stewart struggles there of the race
I went over to his mechanic and I asked
hey what's going on and he held up his
sign for Stewart as he was passing he
wrote smart calm and I said what are
those supposed to mean he's like look I
know he just got back he's racing a
little you know a little crazy but I
just wanted to calm down relax and
remember that this is what he does best
and he's trying to reset that attitude
reset that mindset for James as he's
making his way through this course